D. Framework section

Please refine the framework questions to reduce overlap and make the logic clearer across the three pillars.

1. Economic Activation
Government-driven activation

Update the guiding question to:

How can NAC use the critical mass of government-driven footfall to activate livability anchors and generate economic activity?

Then combine the current overlapping questions around retail/F&B and conversion of footfall into demand.

Suggested supporting question:

How can government-driven footfall be translated into demand for retail, F&B, services, entertainment, and other daily-use amenities?

Make sure the questions do not overlap.

Private-sector-driven activation

Use the following questions:

Which private-sector industries should form the economic foundation of NAC?

Which players can act as anchor tenants and drive additional demand?

What is NAC’s right to win in attracting specific sectors to the New Administrative Capital?

Include the example of relocating state-owned banks as a potential anchor tenant / sector activation lever.

Suggested wording:

For example, the relocation of state-owned banks could help establish a financial-services anchor and stimulate adjacent private-sector demand.

2. Livability / Destination Gravity

Remove references to “economic clusters” in this pillar. Replace with language around:

activities, services, amenities, and supporting ecosystem

Revise the key questions as follows:

What is the bare minimum NAC needs to offer to be considered an attractive and livable city?

Where does it make sense for NAC to subsidize, promote, or directly support livability anchors?

What is the minimum viable livability proposition required for NAC to succeed?

Which activities, services, amenities, and supporting ecosystem components are required to create destination gravity?

3. Residential Commitment

For the BCG perspective, make the point that the objective is to reduce the opportunity cost of relocating and create the right conditions for the private sector and residents to commit.

Suggested BCG perspective wording:

Reduce the opportunity cost of relocating by creating the right mix of livability, services, mobility, incentives, and private-sector opportunities.

Create the environment required for private-sector players, residents, and talent to commit to NAC rather than treating it as a commuter destination.

Revise the first question to:

What elements need to be in place to create a credible livability proposition for residents?

Add another question:

Where does NAC need to invest to attract the right livability anchors, especially where supply may need to precede demand?